The client, the owner of DriverPass, would like to design a website for training new drivers. The owner believes that students are not receiving proper training for driving, which is the reason so many fail their first attempt at the driving test.
	The type of system they would like us to design for them is one where users can create their own accounts and select which driving packages they want to purchase. The users will receive online training, take online exams, and then do some practical training on the road with an instructor. 
	One thing I did particularly well was creating all of the diagrams needed for the client to be able to understand our process. This is important because it helps ensure that both parties understand each other and what requirements they are looking for.
	One thing I would work on would be the functional and non-functional requirements. I would like to improve this by receiving feedback from clients and using it to improve the software.
	I interpreted the user's needs by reviewing all given material to ensure that I was meeting each of the requirements given to us to create a complete system that also works as the client would prefer. The client’s requirements are important because if we are not meeting their needs, then they would look elsewhere for someone who could do that and create the system they want.
	When designing software, it is important to start with requirements to ensure that I am doing what the client would like. Then create some diagrams so you can show your client your process and receive feedback from them if something is not quite right. In the future, feedback from the client would be helpful to make sure I am on the right track.
